README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Math Magicians <a name="about-project"></a>

- This a math magicians app built with HTML, CSS, REACT in this app you can make some calculations math like the addition and division..etc, also I used the external API to fetch some quotes for the app using the use effect hook.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- HTML
- CSS
- React

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Key Features

- I added the functionality for this app👍.
- Add quotes for the app using external API💯.
- I used the basic css style for styling the components.

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

Example command:

```sh
1.use a browser
2.use cable internet
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Example commands:

```sh

  git git@github.com:Nahid1911/math-magicians.git
  cd math-magicians


```

### Install

Install this project with:

Example command:

```sh
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Example command:

```sh
- Write npm start in the terminal and click on enter after that you can see the app in the browser.
```

### Run tests

To run tests for the linter, run the following command:

Example command:

```sh
npx hint .
npx eslint .
```

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

- Github Pages
- Render.com
- Netlify.com

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

Collaborators of this project is:

👤 Mohammad Nahid Raihan Sardar

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Nahid1911)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Nahid1911)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nahidraihan/)
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] Add test using react testing library.
- [ ] Add more styling💯.
- [ ] Add contact page.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [Isuues Pages](https://github.com/Nahid1911/math-magicians/issues)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project kindly give it a star⭐️.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Ekpenisi E Raphael for the immense support.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Nahid1911/math-magicians/blob/fetchDataFromAPI/LICENSE.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add link to readme file for live demo

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Math Magicians <a name="about-project"></a>

- This a math magicians app built with HTML, CSS, REACT in this app you can make some calculations math like the addition and division..etc, also I used the external API to fetch some quotes for the app using the use effect hook.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- HTML
- CSS
- React

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Key Features

- I added the functionality for this app👍.
- Add quotes for the app using external API💯.
- I used the basic css style for styling the components.

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

Example command:

```sh
1.use a browser
2.use cable internet
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Example commands:

```sh

  git git@github.com:Nahid1911/math-magicians.git
  cd math-magicians


```

### Install

Install this project with:

Example command:

```sh
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Example command:

```sh
- Write npm start in the terminal and click on enter after that you can see the app in the browser.
```

### Run tests

To run tests for the linter, run the following command:

Example command:

```sh
npx hint .
npx eslint .
```

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

To see the live demo of the page please click <a href="https://nrsmathsandquotes.onrender.com">here</a>:

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:

- Github Pages
- Render.com
- Netlify.com

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

Collaborators of this project is:

👤 Mohammad Nahid Raihan Sardar

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Nahid1911)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Nahid1911)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nahidraihan/)
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] Add test using react testing library.
- [ ] Add more styling💯.
- [ ] Add contact page.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [Isuues Pages](https://github.com/Nahid1911/math-magicians/issues)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project kindly give it a star⭐️.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Ekpenisi E Raphael for the immense support.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Nahid1911/math-magicians/blob/fetchDataFromAPI/LICENSE.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
